Change property name imports to import (#847)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/import.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# import

## Summary

Provides an ExternalMap of Element identifiers.

## Description

> Import provides an ExternalMap of Element identifiers that are used within a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Import provides an ExternalMap of an Element identifier that is used within a
```
